Adding white-space-collapse and text-wrap properties (#26781)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/white-space/index.md

The property specifies two things:

- Whether and how white space is [collapsed](#collapsing_of_white_space).

> - Whether and how lines will wrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whether and how lines wrap.
```

Author: Updated

white-space: unset;
```

### Values

> `white-space` property values can be specified as a single keyword chosen from the list of values below or shorthand for the {{CSSxRef("white-space-collapse")}} and {{cssxref("text-wrap")}} properties.

Reviewer: ... if only one value is present, then X defaults to Y....

Author: I've tweaked it a bit, but I don't think this form really applied here. It's a bit of an odd situation.

## Collapsing of white space

> See [`white-space-collapse` > Collapsing of white space](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/white-space-collapse#collapsing_of_white_space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  {{cssxref("white-space-collapse")}} property explains the [browser algorithm for collapsing white space](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/white-space-collapse#collapsing_of_white_space). 
```

Author: Updated
